# Stacked Home Systems
Stacked Home Systems | A mod for Stellaris | Last Edited: Jan 23th 2017

Welcome to the Stacked Home Systems Mod! A mod designed to create new Home Systems which are loaded with resources, both basic and strategic, in your home system and those attached to it.

This mod is, as stated in the title, a mod that adds more custom home systems in the Homeworld Section under Home & Class when creating or editing a species.

As of January 23th 2017, there are two custom home systems:

The first is a dual star system, similar to Tatooine from Star Wars, where your home planet is a moon of a gas giant
The second is a single star system, similar to our solar system, where your home planet is an actual planet
Both systems have huge amounts of resources, both strategic and basic, up to the brim. Along with the huge amounts of resources in your home system, some of the neighboring systems associated with the custom systems are also massively loaded and interesting. This mod adds systems that are not randomly generated by the base game, such as dual star systems, black hole systems with habitable planets and so forth.

Attached to the two starting home systems are the Yggdrasil system, which has 10 colonizable planets and custom names for all of the planets, and the Ragnarok System, which is a special system with a Gaia planet orbiting a black hole. Attached to the Yggdrasil system is a Ring World system, with 4 habitable sections, named "The Gift," and many other systems, all of which have lots and lots of resources to accelerate your game into late-game, very VERY quickly.

I am unsure if this mod is Ironman Compatible; if it is not, and you know how to fix that issue, please let me know!

Known Current Issues/bugs: 

[Corrected as of Jan. 23rd, 2017]
(as of Jan. 17th, 2017) All connected solar systems do not always spawn on galaxy generation; I am working on it.

Randomly-generated planets in the named systems sometimes have random names; I do not know how to fix that without removing the randomly spawning planets. If you know how to fix this, let me know!

[Should be much better now as of Jan. 23rd, 2017]
Random Crash to Desktop (CTD) upon Galaxy Generation; I'm sure there is a issue with my code somewhere. If and when I find it, I will correct it.

Ironman Compatibility: ???
